:	Continue with Google Continue with Facebook

:	Terms of Service

:	Login Sign Up With Email Close & Read Quora Sign In Sign Up With Email Close & Read Quora Continue with Facebook or Google Login Close & Read Quora

:	Follow Topic

:	1759 Followers

Question: 	What are the well known stories about Dr.ravikant?
:	1 Answer 2 Followers Follow

Question: 	Which are some of the most happening places in Surat?
:	1 Answer 3 Followers Follow

Question: 	What are the instances of corruption in NITs?
:	2 Answers 4 Followers Follow

Question: 	What is unique about your college?
:	4 Answers 7 Followers Follow

Question: 	Who are people from NIT Surat working in the best software companies in India/abroad?
:	1 Answer 2 Followers Follow

Question: 	What is one thing that SVNIT proud of that no other IITs or NITs have?
:	10 Answers 19 Followers Follow

Question: 	Did vijay garg really get selected by NASA? .. Did he tell anybody this? .. Is there any proof of his internship and job at NASA?
:	1 Answer 2 Followers Follow

Question: 	Which hostel has given you the best memories during your stay in SVNIT?
:	1 Answer 1 Follower Follow

Question: 	What can we do to stop this downward spiral of our college?
:	4 Answers 5 Followers Follow

Question: 	Why the faculty from Production Department in SVNIT is full crap?
:	1 Answer 5 Followers Follow

Question: 	Which are the start-ups started by our alumni?
:	1 Answer 6 Followers Follow

Question: 	Who is the best professor at your NIT?
:	6 Answers 14 Followers Follow

Question: 	Is there any chance that SVNIT BATCH 2011-2015 would see election of student council in college?
:	2 Answers 4 Followers Follow

Question: 	To whom do we complain about the assholes in Admin building? They act as if they are the bosses in SVNIT.
:	4 Answers 14 Followers Follow

Question: 	Due to the new dean, -2 marks per bunk, end sem 100 marks, no bunks on festivals like ganesh chaturthi, speculations about bunk before the mid sems, What is GS and his student council doing?
:	4 Answers 30 Followers Follow

Question: 	Why there is no Entrepreneurship cell in NIT SURAT?
:	1 Answer 4 Followers Follow

Question: 	Who are the most famous students/alumni of SVNIT Surat?
:	0 Answers 10 Followers Follow

Question: 	Why are hostel inmates not allowed to keep vehicle in campus?
:	1 Answer 2 Followers Follow

Question: 	Is there any Ragging in SVNIT?
:	3 Answers 7 Followers Follow

Question: 	How do engineering college students in Gujarat obtain booze?
:	3 Answers 6 Followers Follow

:	More Unanswered Questions

Question: 	What are the well known stories about Dr.ravikant?
Question: 	Which are some of the most happening places in Surat?
Question: 	Did vijay garg really get selected by NASA? .. Did he tell anybody this? .. Is there any proof of his internship and job at NASA?
Question: 	Reviews of: Sardar Vallabhbhai National Institute of Technology, Surat
Question: 	Why the faculty from Production Department in SVNIT is full crap?
